Overriding: out_dir = out-brando
number of parameters: 10.65M
Loading meta from data/brando/meta.pkl...
Perplexity:  2.0007323301876867
 stopped into the city, and the main room held a path of a falling ash. Kelsier turned, glancing toward the side of the corner of the room. He turned, looking down at Vin. Well, then, you know that the boy has me wanted to stay when we finally waited for a while. Even after the day . . . others will take us not to slip? The Lord Ruler flushed, then stood, turning away. While it was just a significing reminded to his portfolio, the fact that hed been forced to kill himself. Then, he stopped, forcing himself to be able to wear the end of the plantation. The purpose was a massive force of Hams trappings from a false pipe. The man standed above, his scarred cloak to the rooftop, and remembering his fingers. He worried that she was right. The Inquisitor was exaggerating things worth the mists of the Ministry Canton of Inquisition, and Kelsier had surrounded that he couldnt have run into a place before. He stood in the air, studying the side, the stairwell and grabbing his body. But he had been able to exist, he told himself. Then, after all, he held, reading in the mists a halt. He would have had to admit that it was normal. He could see in the mists, then flared his pewter. He didn't seem as much as he did he as if he were. Thanks . . . He was a well-finished separated portion. That was why he was beaten up again. He turned, stretching his eyes, looking over at the man. Spook stumbled backward, feeling terribly better and slicing his chest. It was the blue line white and tromped against the mists, not spreading him out of the creatures. It was surrounded by the building of the mists spun, crawling on the hallway, raising his pen an elbow against the wall. Lit in koloss room was a glow, but most of the soldiers came from the building. There was a pair of red-shadowed touch, but it seemed like the scrawny, hundreds of anbrown waters. The tradition was relievable. Kelsier stood beside the building, but it rode silently. He pulled up a stool beside himself in the crowd continued on his fingers, looking forward in the mists. The blue lines that Penrod kept him from being burned at night. Elend caught me, ladies, and send a small carriage approaching pass with the sparkling mists. The other koloss who had mentioned the skaa couples of the skaa slums, and the odd man could find a strange things were there. Something felt like . . . good at her. All right, Vin thought, frowning. I could see the room. The title in the last few mountains in their brown stairstiers and their homes. Kelsier had contained a stope of soldiers in the darkness, and had never seen her trouble maintained control. The lair wasnt intuited to her grief as she waited for just a long moment, forming a framework from her table. The tunnel suddenly light behind her forearm, and turned to gather her. There was a thin battle like a skaa woman, some of the nobility. She turned, as if she didnt get angry and burned bronze. The man looked down at the table, keeping them each one, but it had always been a massive child. The Inquisitor had been campening the distasteful colors. The Ministry could, and the soldiers were graining for subtle to make certainly they didn't have anything to do. He had one in the patterns partners, and near the ingot had been a barred pit of beaving their heart. They were cavern, so they were brown with their ways under their ways to defeat the new koloss. Spook rose, to feel an optimistic strategic with the soldiers of the Final Empire. They would be strong to go them on the other direction as personal, Durn said. They don't know this would have tried to make exactly as you paid. Breeze sighed. I can't figure that you'd come upon your man, and so you can deal with this one. The way that the doesn't make the same house, I don't want him to talk about. I really don't want to hear that anymore. That's why we can do it up with the world's nowwe'll need to send the time to refresh things that would come more self-important than a map that poor Breeze would have served it in the city. Do you intend to get anything of the service coins? Sazed's expression, Spook said, sipping his finger in his chair. He picked up a corner, then stepped forward. That was the only one that song contained him time to pick up him. He didn't think that Spook was probably such a blow thing. It wasn't that the Survivor had been spoken enough to hear. For a thousand years, he would need to be able to watch an acceptance. The year had been careful to gamble on the side, listening to the soughts of chaos. One of the guards were still straight. Like the lantern perpetual Elend, the convention of taking them away from Urteau. Elend's house war to do the burning this simple piece of metal containing its burnings. They could still keep length from soot, but the aristocracy was a mapor of food. Time so many people were known as brown as possible! Elend said. This was the point took a strange packman; the workers made certain to Kelsier without . . . for them. A friend wh
---------------
KL Divergence: 0.009905381842829636
