Overriding: out_dir = out-brando
number of parameters: 10.65M
Loading meta from data/brando/meta.pkl...
Perplexity:  2.0440484945652977

Breeze, Tindwyl said. They don't know when we wanted to do the city? You did what you were finished. They won't have a special
advantage with skaa or not. You shouldn't have lies won. You must say that, Elend said. Clubs smiled. But sometimes don't know. I do not know who, Vin said. I don't feel like the purpose of koloss and four skaa work, Ham said. But, if they are, what do you think they have needed a child? We'll have to see! Ham said, closing his eyes. I know what they might have to do. I mean I complain it, as I wish to see if you're going to try and see Allomancy. I apologize, Goradel said. I've heard it, too. It's for you. It's good to make certain that you would get a skaa of things. She sat quietly, Elend bursting away from his table. He pulled out it to the ground with a soldier, stunned, and let himself feel the faint taller, protected by the mists raised his face. The soldiers stood with a spire of translucent nomination, the mists continued, shattering as they stood in a situation. They hit the group, and Kelsier cracked the flock of ash, covered by the ground. Vin lurched and Pushed on the bars and Pulled themselves into the mistKars head, and the only one crashed to float and snapped the ground preparing the ash in the fallen center. The room was nothing to herself. Paled like Valette was just a simple deal than she was. The stairwell stood with a distraction, and Vin stood. I cant do the darkness with you. They were all fine. Even with the bar continued to see Dockson looking into her eyes. What do you think? Its got worse all than why, Vin said. The discover is going to mean that I know anymore, Master Kelsier, OreSeur said. If there is a job of course, then I will be exercise, I think that the thing I didn't explain. Maybe I will distract your throne, I'm right. You think that you're going to gather him at all the city's eyes. I can't let you go. The Lord Ruler and I've been here. Like Terris, Vin thought. But his plan to move on. I don't think the goal does not. I should have gotten him like the Lord Ruler, Vin thought with shock. It was the way they made his mistake. Though, Vin thought, glancing at Elend, sitting with prison Elend and Vin. I know, a voice said, shaking her head. I have to pretend to find them to talk to you that for what I have to do. And there are, the man said. You said that you can see. For now, I don't say that you would have taught me out of this. That's why you fight I've just met your hand. You've showed us soon, Vin said. I don't know, Elend said. I will believe that you're willing to think of the skaa. They won't be able to fight you like to see if you're taking an Inquisitors boring our meeting. She nodded. I'm not certain what I said has to do. The things that was, Elend said, the ash falling to the room. The ash climbed to the side, rolling his head and eating it something possible. Yet, a place from the falling shadows, it seemed the mists almost as if this ball life didn't make them a decision that they were nearly very brightened them. But she'd been killed and made of her unclean way to get chosen away from the fields of prison. Balance, she realized, but the koloss was a slat in the city. The human had been a young woman who had had the aged city. They had a time for the moment that she'd really led herself up a few months, however, she hadn't been able to argue. The man had been an extremely familiar sign. The rest of her realization had been able to kill one of the
servants in the portfolio. The spikes had been done, she'd
never once been able to spread them all. She had left a lot of time with the time her ear. It was the same and warlords, for she'd lost her reserves to be schedulating. She had led the sun in her mind, and she was beginning to feel an almost abstraction to her soul. She was a simple annoyance, but not guilty on a passage that seemed to be able to persuasions. Several men were happy expecting the doors and books and massive men, with some prisoners that three hours were dead with several months ago, not to be more powerful. The soldiers who were unusually in the caverns, and had been the kitchen of living or servants or did wait until he came to the side. Vin spun, making out Shant, her back to her feet and churning, then stood in the darkness. He flared tin, reaching to arm to his hands. She spun around her, making her way to the side, then slammed it up Shans body toward the ground, throwing up the window of her hand. The Inquisitor stood, swatching the matter of her mother's friends. The only direction didn't look at her, but only a strength, the stave dusted against the stones of the stone door. The stick toppled at the doorway, dropping from a rooftop. Vin cried out, strengthing to rip off her cloak. She reached to the side, but she lurched out, resting her shoulders to the side. She Pushed on it along with another shirt beside him. The surrounding was to her. She stepped forward, but her muscles jumped forward. She Pulled her
---------------
KL Divergence: 0.018002150602809783
