Overriding: out_dir = out-brando-char
number of parameters: 10.65M
Loading meta from data/brando/meta.pkl...
Perplexity:  3.05234454378102

ashing her her the army should
something she grabbing so secause
suddenly shaws at the die finistch. However, he pushed as one ash, Ham had been shouldn't have it taken pierclars and fort her from the are into the gnone far enough to the many death things. No snapped methorsandiances, sounding against careful distractic pulled. Even Very had suddenly and still ridicatety. Therest Allomancy to ground, and his strip and of the ashment. Sazed was are with the are king when the Lord Ruler, then could strange too to the serve dogsomed to good and peopless to antice as she wasn't an obligators. Then't hard, he was unndove to the move known understand thank him of the large of months thought would strange a could be a religions shatter for a still of the corpsecterned the days too more than on to probably near to the atemption with a skaa. Is a directed Elend, he was standing, spinanced his own bariling. Survivor to the singling of door the same, then different. Now forward. Not As shook he guard thought has his are was passing for teams to determinutes. . . . coursed by trouble tall of a need the thought take her into make the fiels lines. He felt of Keepersones of the Lord Ruler and many from the Inquisitors. The young internyang about Inquisitors come, Jastes could nodded. Nothing steel foldiers a says emotivations. It was don't have A folden't to heart to be the thought? What this power have in me, he didn't doose to do you think. I have really not been that thought that not yourselve he all to whispered by thinking and why could give to him. Everything the wasn't stating in the little had once third, a flare of she found him was once that the simply. She stood at like carea the Inquisitory, then people were a noblemen would be enough easy. Become were anothanded to the large her. Found her had been been arrived that real her army of second, like in him. He looked to his perch put it aside. I'm exactly. Lithin remained with the mists in the made of the all partic conting goable. Even shook those he had up any the metal being here, eventually can seemed him and pattern to them could still about of the worths. It made to the room hope, his eyes, presenged his of the room, even who looked worried was to be near. I words felt enough the were two still, Elend formally faced to see child. Vin said, we not dancerning to one of us feether. For the other own aside, and seemed in the carriage to now, and shaking offects her. It that you will have trust you should people spend not sat all me. Im a sever in hearth it that inters compross of the special of the skaa. They whispered by above? he still that had been a could appeared her. Yet, there vanight was time of he could was not her. Demoux escoursely. I think my eventually worked to his head. Not raised into the city the arried in the ash part even withouk? Either the could rest directly that wouldn't find wasnt that was she couldn't it all to ment, I made you attention. I warlier stay able to the camp. It subttle no soldiersh had too brings her view that life the skaa of the king, staring their swung conscips into change in the sieging metal, and tracking through the best the Final things anyone of the known obligatories men. Ham about she had time a plan obeyon two treat to the uncalled the spikes. It was before the boy of his head, he landed him to coverth Ferun. The seemed toward the chargeters noblewoman what were speaked them was an earlier the is ever is azely have and been to use the can't not drop potten koloss his gover. So, could his facticals been no watch. The thump of or Marsh, while your even said, perhaps there are. I told taken it was a moment, for said. To the careful, then when he pouch asked. Fatren ruled upward, the mists their gave to hundred go hearth leaving ethe largerous. Is dont was a had in extended atium for a bit her plant's valetting to into the Lord Rulers. It wasn's eyes, then was shadowing with she deeped the man obtrear as a coinons of of the room. I should have to heart it looks out of chase. What it was that's many posture. I'd they'd revent why sun pointed to think when, I think. The Survivor of exting down where didnt out. The Ministry would liness, you have Elend makes some Soottously take the set certain could indicated to leave on the carrying the Lord Ruler had forced. A thren his lined her with the had small time, Sazed. That's the windows were burst take
atium, Elend said, surprising, mounted to the colorth First had food a short him. Or, smiled. He ftocused attention, there was a change morning that meeting for anything horchills her too the stave. He did got made to the side, doving the pogether. Assembly
casion of the spratesting a force around paused, then the nearly on the one. Then had a disposed to power the stain were that left one of the liamed to do get his own jumping to as heartions actually anything against known him. None both the Lord Ruler him. The Ministry was unconstabled above all, then more. Come were had
---------------
KL Divergence: 0.02572628753701387
